This is my developing Emacs environment.  It soon will encompass the sum collection of
everything I have for C/C++, Perl and Python development using my favorite editor.

The Python side of things is driven by the python-mode.el configuration from the Python
people themselves.  I prefer it to the stock python.el mode which ships with Emacs. It
has been mostly until this point, shamelessly 'borrowed' from Ryan McGuire over at
EnigmaCurry.com as I have recently moved into a new gig as a Python developer and I
looked around to find something quick rather than develop my own from scratch. I suspect
that this will evolve as I put my own stamp on everything but in any event, thanks
Ryan, nice work.

My Perl environment is based upon the fantastic PDE (Perl Development Environment)
package which is available at http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/PerlDevelopEnvironment. 
This side of my environment has been shaping up now for over a year and is the result
of about 16 months of Perl development over in Morgan Stanley's massive UNIX plant.
Some of this is very Morgan specific and I plan to remove and massage that aspect of
it.

The C and C++ material is an accumulation of material which I have put together
over the years.

For project level management, I use the CEDET suite of tools from 
http://cedet.sourceforge.net/.  CEDET provides a great collection of packages which
together turn Emacs into an IDE which can stand alongside any of the traditional
industrial offerings such as Eclipse or Visual Studio.

Finally I have added in my favorite programming font, a fixed-width TrueType font
called Envy Code R (Preview 7).  This is just about the best programming font I have
ever used and best of all, its free.  The font files can be found in the fonts
directory in the vendor directory. Feel free to add them to your particular operating
environment according to the relevant procedure for doing so. I will include a short
HOWTO on adding them on a modern Linux system running X as well as details for setting
the font as your default font in Emacs.  Keep in mind that only Emacs version 23.x or
better can render an antialiased font.
